\documentclass[conference]{IEEEtran}

\title{LLM-Assisted Constraint-Aware Pipeline (CAP) for Scalable and Optimized SFC Placement in Multi-Generation Networks}

\author{
	\IEEEauthorblockN{Author 1, Author 2, Author 3, Author 4}
	\IEEEauthorblockA{Department of Computer Science, University Name, Country\\
		Email: author1@example.com, author2@example.com, author3@example.com, author4@example.com}
}

\begin{document}
	
	\maketitle
	
	\section{Related Work}
	
	Service Function Chaining (SFC) placement has been a critical research area in the domain of next-generation networks, particularly in the context of 5G and beyond. In existing techniques and research, the focus has primarily been on finding the optimal SFC path by considering parameters such as latency, bandwidth, energy efficiency, and reliability. However, there are opportunities for enhancement, particularly in optimizing resource allocation and management while maintaining service level agreements (SLAs) when determining the optimal SFC path for microservice placement. Additionally, automation of configuration generation can significantly aid the deployment process of microservices, and the integration of AI/ML techniques such as SARIMA for traffic behavior forecasting can enable dynamic adjustments to configuration parameters for improved adaptability.
	
	One of the early works on distributed SFC placement is presented by M. Ghaznavi et al., where the authors proposed a heuristic-based Distributed Service Function Chaining (DSFC) framework utilizing the Kariz algorithm. Their approach focused on reducing the dependency on centralized controllers by distributing SFC placement decisions across the network. While the method effectively improved computational efficiency and distributed decision-making, there remains scope for enhancing real-time adaptability and incorporating predictive traffic forecasting, which would make it more suitable for highly dynamic environments where network conditions change rapidly.
	
	Another significant study in the area of SFC optimization is found in N. Kamiyama's work, where an Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP)-based model was employed to design efficient network topologies. This approach evaluated various data center topologies based on multiple criteria, such as cost, reliability, and network performance. The AHP-based decision-making model provides a structured way to balance multiple factors in static scenarios, and its extension towards real-time dynamic SFC deployment could further enhance its applicability in evolving multi-generation network environments.
	
	Bandwidth management plays a crucial role in ensuring efficient network operation, especially in the presence of long-duration large flows. R. Kawahara et al. proposed an adaptive bandwidth control mechanism to handle such flows while ensuring minimal impact on short-duration latency-sensitive traffic. Their approach dynamically adjusted bandwidth allocation based on observed traffic patterns, promoting fair resource distribution among competing flows. Expanding such adaptive methodologies within a comprehensive SFC placement strategy that considers multiple interconnected services could further improve overall network performance.
	
	Energy efficiency has also been a key concern in SFC placement, especially in large-scale multi-domain networks. A. Dalgkitsis et al. introduced a reinforcement learning-based framework called SCHE2MA, which employed a multi-agent auction mechanism for energy-aware SFC orchestration. The model successfully reduced power consumption in Virtual Network Functions (VNFs) while maintaining service performance. Enhancing its adaptability for real-time deployment and reducing the extensive training requirements for deep reinforcement learning models could further increase its practical viability in dynamic network environments.
	
	Another work that explored end-to-end slice orchestration in 5G networks is presented by D. Harutyunyan et al., where the authors formulated multiple Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) models and heuristic approaches for optimal VNF placement. Their study primarily focused on minimizing resource costs, bandwidth consumption, and service migration overheads. While MILP-based optimization ensures high accuracy in static environments, advancing heuristic solutions that support large-scale, real-time networks could make these approaches more feasible for dynamic conditions.
	
	Latency-sensitive SFC placement has been extensively researched to ensure quality-of-service (QoS) compliance in delay-sensitive applications. In another study, D. Harutyunyan et al. introduced an Integer Linear Programming (ILP)-based strategy, combined with a heuristic approach, to optimize latency and resource utilization by efficiently placing VNFs along network paths. The method successfully minimized end-to-end latency, and further refinements in scalability-focused heuristics could make it more applicable for large-scale implementations.
	
	A step further was taken by D. Harutyunyan et al., where the authors incorporated user mobility into the SFC placement model using a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) approach combined with a heuristic method. Their goal was to minimize service disruptions caused by frequent handovers while ensuring efficient resource allocation. The study successfully reduced service degradation in mobile networks, and additional predictive workload fluctuation mechanisms could further enhance adaptability in highly dynamic environments.
	
	\subsection{Our Contribution}
	Our proposed LLM-assisted Constraint-Aware Pipeline (CAP) addresses these challenges by integrating a constraint-aware path selection mechanism with a resource-aware microservice allocator, enabling real-time, adaptive, and automated SFC deployment. Additionally, we incorporate SARIMA-based traffic forecasting to predict workload variations, ensuring proactive resource allocation. By leveraging LLMs for automated configuration generation, our approach reduces deployment overhead while optimizing microservice placement across multi-generation networks. This comprehensive framework offers a scalable, intelligent, and future-proof solution for efficient SFC placement in dynamic network environments.
	
	\section{References}
	
	\begin{thebibliography}{99}
		
		\bibitem{ghaznavi2017distributed} 
		M. Ghaznavi, N. Shahriar, S. Kamali, R. Ahmed, and R. Boutaba,  
		"Distributed Service Function Chaining,"  
		IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications, vol. 35, no. 11, pp. 2479–2492, Nov. 2017.
		
		\bibitem{kamiyama2010designing} 
		N. Kamiyama,  
		"Designing Data Center Networks using Analytic Hierarchy Process,"  
		IEEE ICCCN, 2010.
		
		\bibitem{kawahara2009adaptive} 
		R. Kawahara, T. Mori, N. Kamiyama, S. Harada, and H. Hasegawa,  
		"Adaptive Bandwidth Control to Handle Long-Duration Large Flows,"  
		IEEE ICC, 2009.
		
		\bibitem{dalgkitsis2022sche2ma} 
		A. Dalgkitsis et al.,  
		"SCHE2MA: Scalable, Energy-Aware, Multi-Domain Orchestration for Beyond-5G URLLC Services,"  
		IEEE Journal, 2022.
		
		\bibitem{harutyunyan2019orchestrating} 
		D. Harutyunyan et al.,  
		"Orchestrating End-to-End Slices in 5G Networks,"  
		IEEE CNSM, 2019.
		
		\bibitem{latencyaware2019} 
		D. Harutyunyan et al.,  
		"Latency-Aware Service Function Chain Placement in 5G Mobile Networks Using ILP,"  
		Conference/Journal, 2019.
		
		\bibitem{mobilityaware2020} 
		D. Harutyunyan et al.,  
		"Latency and Mobility–Aware Service Function Chain Placement in 5G Networks Using MILP and Heuristic Approach,"  
		Conference/Journal, 2020.
		
	\end{thebibliography}
	
\end{document}
